Documentation/Incident Response/README.md, before:

# Incident Response Form

This form will be used to document a cyber incident that has taken place.

## Reminders
1. These must be PROFESSIONAL. Be concise and careful when writing these. Do not use any slang, acronyms (unless previously defined).    

2. Individuals working on the inject themselves, make sure you write your responses so that they are easy to digest and follow.

3. Work with technical writers to make sure that edge cases and potential questions are being answered.

4. Send editable link/file to Chris (or alternate team leader) by the 5 minute mark. The more time the better. He'll submit the corresponding pdf.

5. We need to submit _something_ for these injects. 1 point > 0 points.

6. Proofread each other's work. Don't want to waste time on the small things.

## Steps to start working

There are a few ways that you can collaborate with your team members on this.
### One computer

1. Just download and have one person writing all the information for example.

### Multiple people writing
1. ONE person download the inject template

2. Upload the docx file onto GD.

3. Share an editing link to the other members on this file.

4. Work on it.

Commit message:

Adding reminder check for formatted that isn't kept.

Documentation/Incident Response/README.md, after:

# Incident Response Form

This form will be used to document a cyber incident that has taken place.

## Reminders
1. Don't panic. We have a procedure in place 
2. Individual that was at the computer at the time of incident, write exactly what you saw in the indicators of compromise. Follow procedure.
3. These must be PROFESSIONAL. Be concise and careful when writing these. Do not use any slang, acronyms (unless previously defined).    
4. Send editable link/file to Chris (or alternate team leader) by the 5 minute mark. The more time the better. He'll submit the corresponding pdf.
5. Proofread each other's work. Don't want to waste time on the small things.

## Steps to start working

There are a few ways that you can collaborate with your team members on this.


**BEFORE YOU START WORKING, MAKE SURE YOU'RE USING THE TEMPLATE THAT HAS THE CHECKBOXES IN THE SECTIONS DEFINED**: *Highlight the lines, next to the bulleted list in the area above, you have checklist. Choose the dropdown and then choose the second option where it is a simple tick that we can choose. Double check the following areas* 

1. *Status* - All choices. 
2. *Type of Incident* - All choices
3. *Severity* - All choices
4. *Was any sensitive information leaked?* - All choices
5. *Has any data been changed?* - All choices
6. *Cost of incident* - All choices

To get started:
1. Get a SOC person to work with you.
2. ONE person download the inject template
3. Upload the docx file onto GD. <- **Make sure the checkboxes and formatting is kept**
4. Share an editing link to the other members on this file.
5. Work on it.
